Update monitoring documentation (#6645)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/monitoring/README.md

All the monitoring components run in the `kyma-system` Namespace.

## Custom Resource Definitions

Custom resource definitions for `crd-alertmanager.yaml`, `crd-podmonitor.yaml`, and `crd-servicemonitor.yaml` have been moved to the `resources/cluster-essentials/templates` folder and will be maintained there. Along with the next update of the Prometheus Operator, update the listed files in the [Cluster Essentials](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/resources/cluster-essentials) chart.

> ## Kyma Customizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Kyma customizations
```
I changed it because we usually capitalize just the first word in the title (unless it's a name)

All the extra files added to this chart for the usage in Kyma are collected under `kyma-additions` folders in this chart or the sub-charts.

All the in-line customizations are commented on in the respective files. Search for `Customization` to see them all.

> ## Kyma Dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Kyma dashboards
```

Kyma comes with some extra dashboards to enable monitoring its components. All the Kyma dashboards can be found under [kyma-dashboards](templates/grafana/kyma-dashboards). For more information on the dashboards, see [this document](charts/grafana/README.md).

> ## Kyma Alert Rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Kyma alerting rules
```
Do we use `alert rules` or `alerting rules` --> similar to what Prometheus does: https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/alerting_rules/? I'm asking because I don't know if we have any unified approach towards this - I used `alerting rules` to be consistent with Prometheus docu.

> Kyma comes with some extra alert rules to enable alerting for its components. All the Kyma alert rules can be found under [kyma-rules](templates/prometheus/kyma-rules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma comes with some additional alerting rules to enable alerting for its components. You can find all Kyma alerting rules under [kyma-rules](templates/prometheus/kyma-rules).
```
It is always better to use active voice if possible (of course, not always - sometimes using it just for the sake of using it makes the doc sound awkward :)

## Details

> * For details on Grafana usage in Kyma, see [this document](charts/grafana/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on Grafana usage in Kyma, see [this document](charts/grafana/README.md).
```
I would remove the bullet point because it's just one sentence.
